Zhenbei to Tongtong
There are also four gods of war
And the Lord's Landing is all retired today
Is this to allow Mobei to let the enemy flatten?
Brother Xiao Mobei has long been flattened by you
Now it's just herds of cattle and sheep.
Where is the enemy, bro?
After we push it up
There's a pack of wolf cubs down there
I'm screaming to come up
Brother, the king gave you death back then
It should be the same consideration
If you sit in the throne of King's Landing for 30 years
You want the person below
When will you get ahead?
The method is good.
But the means may be a little drastic
Don't talk about the past
Now the world is at peace
Us brothers
All restored their identities as ordinary people
Live well in the future
Foolish wife
Plain life
Brother Qiao, we can't go on calmly
We have to do something big.
What's the big deal?
Of course it's your wedding with your sister-in-law
Yu Fei
When do you want to do our wedding?
Didn't I say it yesterday?
As long as you come back alive today
I'll give you a wedding tonight
Hahaha, I want it.
Brother Xiao, look at your sister-in-law in a hurry
Can't wait
Shut up and book a hotel for Brother Xiao
It is better to choose the day than to hit the day
Let's do it today.
Just do a lively game for Brother Xiao
Thieves are good to go